who doesn't love a dessert that's quick
and easy to make light absolutely
mouth-watering and can serve a crowd
that's exactly what you get with this
clafouti let me show you place the
almonds in the bowl of a food processor
add the flour and that process and he
are very finely ground about 1 to 2
minutes
place the eggs in the large bowl add the
egg yolks and whisk until life is
blended add the sugar the heavy cream
the milk the almond extract the salt and
the ground almonds and now whisk until
all the ingredients are well
incorporated that's it for our base so
simple for the apricots the only thing
we have to do is to cut them in half and
remove the pit place the apricots cut
side up in your prepared mold you want
the apricots to fit snugly together
because this clarity is all about the
fruit and drizzle with the custard now
sprinkle the sliced almonds and it will
be neither sugar this is going to give
the clarity a wonderfully crisp topping
here we are beautiful golden brown top
all puffed up and smelling absolutely
heavenly enjoy baking this gorgeous
dessert and put Appetit